HW 6
written.text

Name:       Neil Powers
Login ID:   npower03


Written #1:  How I tested my code
---------------------------------

When writing Animal.cpp: I tested each function by making an Animal
in main using cin instead of the file input steam. I then individually
printed every m_var using the accessor functions. After making sure
those worked, I tried the print function to make sure the whole class
was working.

When writing Animal_Array_List.cpp: I made each function individually,
testing each function after making it. For the default constructor, I
simply set the capacity and number of elements and made an array in
the heap with some spaces. The destructor was also pretty simple. For
adding animals to the array, I figured the best way to do it was to
expand the array until the current number of animals is less than the
capacity, then add an animal to the end. This was first tested with
only adding a single animal without expanding the array. The expansion
loop was only tested after expand() was working. To make sure expand()
worked as intended, I tried calling it and adding an element to the
end of the new array, then printing that animal. For the print function,
I simply called the function after adding the animals to the array and
checked the print values were correct.

When writing animaldb.cpp: I write animaldb throughout the entire
process. For instance, I wrote initialize_DB when I was testing the
add and expand functions for Animal_Array_List. I tested the success
of this function by printing all the animals. For the
do_classification_report function, I did pretty much the same thing
and compared the output to was I think it should be.

I also originally called the destructor in main after the program ran,
but this caused the program to crash so I set the animal array to a 
nullptr. Later, I realized both of these steps were unnecessary so I
deleted them.


Written #2:  How much time I spent on this assignment
-----------------------------------------------------

I spent about 1.5 hours writing code and another half hour doing 
reading instructions and doing miscelleneous things for the assignment.
